Lead with AI Agents Hackathon 2025: Challenge Statement
Proudly supported by: GenAI.Works, Cloudera and Notion
and our community partners: RMIT University and AI4Diversity
Submission Deliverables
. Required: Short Video
2
4 Minutes)

Demonstrate how two or more of the AI agents complete a task.
Explain the workflows and highlight unique features used in the workflow.
. Required: GitHub Repository
Include all source code with documentation for setup, usage, and dependencies.
In case you were using agents deployed in Google Colab, provide the Google Colab links.
. Optional: Slide Deck (max 12 slides)
Include anything such as your problem statement, thinking process, agent workflow diagram, and
technical stack.
Add visuals like screenshots, and possible future enhancements and use cases.
. Optional: Extra documentation (max 8 pages)
Include anything such as your problem statement, thinking process, agent workflow diagram, and
technical stack.
Add visuals like screenshots, and possible future enhancements and use cases.
Ensure your solution is submitted by 11pm AEST on Monday, July 14 through this submission form.
There is $10,000 worth of prizes to distribute across 6 teams.

1st place: $3,500, 2nd place: $2,500, 3rd place: $1,500, 4th

place: $1,000, 5th place: $750, 6th place: $250

Make sure to check for any updates or announcements in the hackathon

community space through this channel.

Challenge Statement
Build an AI agent workflow that consists of two or more agents to solve a complex task that involves unique capabilities of
the agents. The task should be presented to the Master Agent in a plain text format (e.g. “Summarize the video on Youtube
and translate the summary to Spanish.” )
In your solution, please provide the code repository and a brief outline that explains the problem that you are solving, and
its application.

Background/ Context
The world is moving towards an era of AI agents operating autonomously. However, while agents are becoming more

capable, their ability to communicate efficiently across different AI platforms remains an unsolved challenge. GenAI-
protocol was created break down these walled gardens, and solve this challenge.

Our protocol enables AI agents to communicate in a decentralized, secure, and orchestrated way, simplifying collaboration
for both solo entrepreneurs and enterprise-wide AI integration and transformation.

Our Python version of the protocol is lightweight and optimized for high-performance distributed systems. We provide the
missing layer for agent-to-agent communication.

Where to start?
. Getting started
a. README Onboarding
b. Github root folder
. Video assisted onboarding:
a. Setting up the protocol on your machine
b. Building your first AI agent (with examples)
c. How to run agents locally from Google Colab
d. Integrating multiple agents into your setup
i. How to connect A2A servers into your setup
ii. How to integrate MCP servers into your setup
. Brainstorming and Ideation
a. How to AgentMaker to create example AI agents for you
b. How to evaluate the efficacy of your agents
. See further resources in the MightyNetworks community environment such as:
a. Your hackathon to-do list
b. Beginner guide for participants
c. Beginner guide for mentors
d. Rules and Guidelines
e. Check out previous winners for reference
f. Suggested products for making your presentation

Bonus Points
GenAI AgentOS Protocol usage
5 points):

Utilise the GenAI AgentOS Protocol for your solution to gain 5 (five) additional bonus points for your team.
Get setup here: GitHub - genai-works-org/getting-started-genai-agentos
Note: Please mention using GenAI AgentOS Protocol this in the written submission project
description.
Cloudera usage
2 points):

Simply sign up for a free trial at Cloudera to gain 1 (one) bonus point. If you are able to connect the
Cloudera data streaming functionality into the GenAI Protocol you will also gain 1 (one) additional bonus
point, for a total of 2 bonus points.
Start a free 5-day trial through this link: Cloudera on cloud 5-day Free Trial

Check out how to integrate MCP cloudera servers with the GenAI protocol here: GitHub - gen
ai-works-org/cloudera-mcp: MCP server to integrate with Cloudera data warehouse
Note: Please mention using Cloudera this in the written submission project description.
Notion usage
1 point):

Use Notion to submit any component of your team’s documentation to gain 1 (one) bonus points. This can
be the supplementary 8 page document or your slide deck.
Create a free account through this link: The AI workspace that works for you. | Notion
If you are a member of a startup you can also get a 6 month exclusive free trial here: Your con
nected workspace for wiki, docs & projects | Notion
Note: Please mention using Notion in the written submission project description.

Judging criteria
All submissions will be scored out of a total of 40 points. Please see the bonus points section above to see how you can
boost your team’s performance.
Consistency with the challenge statements: Score out of 15
How relevant is the solution to the problem statement?
Quality and Design: Score out of 10
Is the quality of the algorithm, code or design good?
Originality and Creativity: Score out of 10
How different is this solution from others in the market you have seen?
Commercialisation: Score out of 5
What do you think is the commercial opportunity for this solution?